Title: Hello again  
Date: 2013-07-08  
Category: Diary  
Tags: pelican  
Slug: hello-again  
Author: Ricardo Rosado  
Summary: One more welcome  

Welcome to another grand reopening of this website, this time powered by
[Pelican](http://blog.getpelican.com).  This particular iteration of my online
presence started out as professional contact page, but after discovering the
fascinating world of open science during the 1st half of my PhD, I decided to
follow the example of Carl Boettiger's excellent
[website](http://carlboettiger.info/) and turn it into an online lab
notebook. Little did I know at the time how difficult it would be to fulfill
that commitment, both because of the time required, lack of knowledge on my part
(I barely knew what R was, and first heard of knitr on Carl's website), and a
complete lack of support from anyone in my own research environment.  

A year and a half and three posts later, I decided o reboot this website
completely. Having witnessed a recent trend towards statically generated pages
in websites I follow, and after watching two of my previous wordpress sites get
hacked to oblivion, I decided to give Pelican a try. Given my recent interest in
bioinformatics and programming, specifically in Python, I thought it would be a
nice way to put some of my new found knowledge to the test.

My goals are currently a bit unclear. While I love science and research, I find
myself disappointed with the research environment around me. This constant
struggle is driving me to pursue other goals, and this may lead me away from the
previous title of "Veterinary Virology and Open Science". With that in mind,
I'll keep my CV and contact page updated, but I can't really promise to update
this blog very often, at least not before the end of this year.

See you around and thanks for reading!
